 
# Environment

## command list

- `sa` - start all the ros service on the auv(only on the babe).
- `sv` - start the vision system (only on the babe).
- `sas` - start all the proc, but the providers are simulated.
- `sj` - start the system on the jetson(only on the jetson).
- `babe` - remote connect to the auv.
- `jetson` - remote connect to the jetson.
- `babe?` - ping the babe.
- `switch?` - ping the switch.
- `jetson?` - ping the jetson.
- `sonia-source` - source the bash generated by catkin
- `sonia-cd` - put the current directory for the user at the sonia workspace.
- `telemetry` - open the general telemetry.
- `controlSub` - open the control telemety.
- `dry_test` - open the telemetry for a dry_test.
- `pool` - open the telemetry for pool test.
- `comp` - compile the project wherever you are, usage recommended instead of catkin_make.
- `comp_reset` - erase the compilation cache file before calling comp.
- `swap_babe` - swap the current target (local -> babe OR babe-->local).
- `update-sonia-script` - update the current `.bash_sonia` file.
- `full_poof` - shutdown the babe and the jetson.

## Dry_test

1. connect to the babe with the `babe` command.
2. start the auv system with the `sa` command.
3. open a new terminal and connect to the babe.
4. start the vision with the `sv` command.
5. open a new terminal and change the current target with `swap_babe` command.
6. start the telemetry for a dry_test with the `dry_test` command.
7. execute the dry_test.

## test on the jetson

1. connect to the babe with the `babe` command.
2. start the auv system with the `sa` command.
3. open a new terminal and connect to the babe.
4. start the vision with the `sv` command.
5. open a new terminal and connect to the jetson with the `jetson` command.
6. start the system on the jetson with the `sj` command.
7. open a new terminal and change the current target with `swap_babe` command.
6. start the telemetry for the test with the `pool` command.
7. execute the test.